oh that's why people wish on these seven
things even those who don't consider
themselves particularly superstitious
can give in to the temptation to wish
upon a shooting star or birthday candles
but do you know why people started
wishing on these things in the first
place keep on watching to find out and
be sure to click on that subscribe
button and ring the notification valve
to join us here on the bright side so
let's start with number one shooting
stars here's a pretty simple way to
ensure that all your dreams come true
quickly make a wish as soon as you see a
falling star the only catch is that
nobody can point this star out to you
you have to notice it yourself and if
you're lucky enough to be outside during
a meteor shower well you might just be
able to solve all your problems in one
single go the tradition of making a wish
on a shooting star started with Greco
Egyptian astronomer and writer Ptolemy
he believed that when a star was falling
from the sky that gods were looking at
the people and listening to their wishes
number 2 birthday candles there probably
isn't a single person who doesn't know
how to make a birthday wish but here's a
reminder anyway
first of all it has to be your birthday
obviously so if it's your big day then
just make a wish and blow up all the
candles on your birthday cake in one
breath if you manage to do this your
wish will come true
trust me the ancient Greeks were the
first to decorate cakes with candles
afterward they brought these cakes to
the Temple of Artemis the goddess of the
moon and the hunt the Greeks believed
that the smoke rising from the candles
transported people's wishes up to the
gods
number three white horses white horses
aren't only amazingly beautiful
creatures they can also make your dreams
come true any time you see a white horse
think of something you wish for and it
will happen sooner or later just
remember that you need to be fast and
make the wish before you see the horse's
tail why is that
well people started to believe in the
power of white horses mostly in the
middle of the nineteenth century but at
that time you had to either cross paths
with a white horse or make a wish
only after you see one hundred white
horses who good thing this tradition has
gotten simpler with time
number four ladybugs when a ladybug
lands on any part of your body you can
make a wish and then wait if the bug
flies away your wish will come true
but if it stays on you well better luck
next time and don't be a sore loser and
squash the bug either it won't help as
for the origins of this Red Wing Wish
granter try to say that five times real
fast it comes from an old superstition
several years ago farmers believe that
if ladybugs appeared on their fields
their harvests would be rich and
plentiful that year this probably has
something to do with the fact that
ladybugs keep pests away in any case
ladybugs were a good sign for farmers
since a good harvest meant a full belly
and a thick wallet
number five eyelashes if you notice that
one of your eyelashes has fallen out you
can put it on the back of your hand
close your eyes and blow on it very
gently as you make a wish if you open
your eyes and the eyelash is gone your
wish will come true now don't pull out
all your eyelashes that's cheating
they're supposed to fall out on their
own making a wish on eyelashes became
popular in the middle of the 19th
century Hey was that when mascara first
hit the market
No sounds a bit manufactured to me
anyhow you can find the first mention of
this superstition in the folklore of
that time number six
eleven eleven if you happen to glance at
a digital watch or clock and it's
exactly eleven eleven make a wish before
the time changes this method won't work
if he keeps staring at the clock and
waiting for eleven eleven to appear on
the clock face your wish will come true
only if you catch this time by chance
the origin of this superstition
isn't quite clear it might be connected
with this number sequence symmetry that
according to New Age philosophers has
mystic powers number seven wishbones to
make a wish you can use the wishbone of
a chicken or a turkey after you and your
family having eaten the meat set aside
the wishbone to dry when the bone is
ready to people take one prong each and
pull them apart until the wishbone snaps
the person who gets the prong with the
top still attached to it can make a wish
that will later come true the history
behind wishbones dates back to an
ancient Italian civilization called the
Etruscans they believe that birds have
prophetic powers so they would use dried
wishbones to predict the future and now
you know where the most common wishing
traditions come from but don't go just
yet uh uh uh here are some other things
you can wish on that you might not know
about rainbows no rainbows are awesome
and beautiful and they can fulfil your
wishes when you see a rainbow close your
eyes and make a wish
after that count to ten with your eyes
still closed
if the rainbow is still visible when you
open your eyes your wish will be granted
straw wrappers now after you take your
straw out of the wrapper don't throw the
paper away first tie the wrapper in a
knot then hold one end of the wrapper
and ask someone else to pull at the
other end if you get the part with a
knot after the paper gets torn you're
the
and you can make a wish feathers every
time you find a bird feather lying on
the ground outside you have a chance to
fulfill your wish
so that means feathers from jackets or
pillows do not count if the found
feather is black or dark you should
stick it in the ground so it stands
straight up after that walk around the
feather in a circle and make your wish
if the feather is still standing that's
good news for you
and if you've come across a white
feather you have to stick it into a tree
in between the cracks in the bark after
that walk around this tree as you make a
wish if the feather is still there after
you complete the circle your wish will
be granted the moon now you can't just
wish on the moon every day that would be
too simple but when the moon is full or
it's on your birthday well make a wish
while looking at it the moon should be
at its highest point only in this case
will your desire be fulfilled
acorns if an egg coin ever falls on your
head as you're walking in the woods or
something don't consider it your unlucky
day pick it up
hold it in your hand and make a wish if
this wish is pretty serious and big put
the acorn on your windowsill and don't
touch it for three days and if your wish
has to do with your crush send them the
acorn that hits you stones you can make
a habit of carrying a wishing stone in
your pocket anywhere you go
this stone should be of some importance
to you perhaps someone near and dear
gave it to you hey would you like a
stone or maybe you took it from a
stunning beach whatever the case may be
rub the smooth side of the stone with
your thumb every time you make a wish
after that wait for the wishing stone to
do its dirty work I mean its job nuts if
you open a nut and find two in a shell
that's supposed to contain only one well
share the second nut with someone else
in this case you both can make a wish
but only one of you will have their wish
granted it'll be the first person who
says lucky nut the next morning and if
you believe this then you're you know
fill in the blank dandelions as long as
you don't have any plant allergies you
can try a dandelion wish just choose the
biggest dandelion hold it up to your
mouth and close your eyes make a wish
and blow as hard as you can then open
your eyes if there's no white fluff
covering the dandelion your wish will
come true
yawning hmm it's a well-known fact that
yawns are super contagious so if you
manage to keep yourself from yawning
when you see someone else yawn you can
make a wish however this wish will come
true only if you don't yawn within the
next 15 minutes
oh I made myself yawn they're falling
limbs if you see a leaf falling from a
tree make a wish really quickly you have
to do it before the leaf touches the
ground after that pick the leaf up and
take it home put it into a book and try
to memorize what book it is your wish
will come true if you don't forget where
you left the leaf really snowflakes the
first snow of winter is considered lucky
and the first snowflake that lands on
your palm can grant you one wish the
only condition is that you have to make
your wish
before the snowflake melts otherwise you
are whisked to the island of misfit toys
and have to get Rudolph to come save you
saying the same thing at the same time
if you and someone else say the exact
same thing simultaneously both of you
should link your right hand pinkies and
silently make your wishes after that you
need to say the name of the other person
out loud this will secure your wish and
if this ever works for you please write
about it in the comments below
earrings here's a case when a loss can
turn into a good thing if you lose an
ear ring don't get upset about it just
make a wish on the remaining earring and
wait for your dream to come true finally
they're sneezing guess what every time
you sneeze you can make a wish doesn't
get much easier than that does it but as
always there's a catch if you sneeze
again within the next three minutes it
cancels your wish so yeah good luck with
that well what do you wish on let us
know your preferred technique in the
comments below remember to give this
video a thumbs up share it with your
friends and hit that subscribe button to
always stay on the bright side of life
[Music]